Daz: Hey, Joe.
Joe Beda: Hello, can you hear me?
Daz: I can hear.
Joe Beda: There it goes, I had to, like…
Joe Beda: So I have two Macs now, and I plug them in interchangeably to my whole, sort of, docking situation here in my office.
Joe Beda: It's all great except for the wireless keyboard and trackpad.
Joe Beda: Which, you know, the thing's always just frickin' confused.
Daz: It doesn't always, yeah, change.
Joe Beda: Yeah, so I now make those wired, but even then, sometimes it gets confused.
Daz: I have, I have a dock that I use for either my work Mac or my personal Mac when I'm doing stuff, and I have a Kinesis USB keyboard plugged into it.
Daz: And it switches over no problem, because that's plugged in directly to the dock, and then I get one of these, like, Logitech MX mouses that has little buttons on the bottom.
Joe Beda: Okay. Yeah, no, this is… this is the Mac keyboard.
Joe Beda: And the only reason I have this is because of the… the touch-to-unlock and for 1Password and other stuff is just so nice.
Daz: Yep. I leave my… I leave my Mac lid open. Just so you can do that? Like, just put… put, like, a monitor, or, like, some… just something that I don't need to interact with all the time on that second monitor, but I… and then I still use the finger thing, but…
Daz: Yeah. I always had the problem where my,
Daz: I had really bad RSI early in my career, and moving to a Kinesis fixed all of the problems.
Kostadis Roussos: Who's got RSI?
Daz: I did, early in my career.
Kostadis Roussos: I thought Joe did all of a sudden, because he went back to work.
Daz: Oh, no, no, no.
Joe Beda: No.
Daz: I've pretty much.
Joe Beda: I'll have you know that I'm skipping a baseball game tonight to be with y'all, because it's like…
Joe Beda: you know, number one, the Mariners lose every time I show up, but also…
Kostadis Roussos: So that, that was the… oh, so that was the reason.
Joe Beda: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Daz: Yeah, I pretty much… and even my RSI, it's pretty much gone now. I mean, if I… if I don't take care of it, it will come back, but I've gone, like, a decade plus without having any of the pain I used to have.
Kostadis Roussos: Nice Which keyboard?
Daz: I just have the Kinesis advantage.
Kostadis Roussos: Huh.
Daz: It's… it's old… it's old school, it's been around forever, it's not fancy, it doesn't have RGB backlights, it doesn't do any of that bullshit.
Kostadis Roussos: I know, I know, it's, it's, it's, it's, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: I'm not gonna say anything. It's old school.
Joe Beda: Apparently, people buy old keyboards, and they disassemble them, and then they just take that button with the Touch ID, and they make it be, like, a dedicated device, and so maybe I need to do one of those, I don't know.
Daz: Apple just needs to sell a Touch ID dongle thing, or…
Ben Pfaff: They'll know.
Daz: Use Face ID on your phone to unlock your Mac, or something like that.
Joe Beda: They supposedly do it with, like, if you're wearing the watch, that'll do stuff, because the watch knows when you take it off, and so it can, like, you off, and then as long as it's on your wrist, it assumes you haven't been compromised, that nobody's cut off your arm or something.
Daz: You're still alive, yeah.
Joe Beda: Yeah. I wonder if it does heartbeat detection. It's like, sorry, we no longer detect a heartbeat, I'm gonna, like, you know.
Ben Pfaff: Well, it… I mean, it can detect your pulse, so maybe.
Gabe: Well, it can approach…
Daz: So all this talk of keyboards and mice and everything is interesting, but what about houses? Ben, are you coming in for the meeting? Yes, tell us…
Joe Beda: How's it going?
Ben Pfaff: I am coming in from the new house.
Joe Beda: I see you've decorated it.
Daz: Correct.
Joe Beda: As the wall behind me.
Ben Pfaff: Welcome to my, my green screen, also known as my wall now.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I was gonna say, like… What happened to the decorations?
Ben Pfaff: Well, I haven't put anything up yet.
Joe Beda: I assume they're in boxes or whatever, right?
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, they are. I don't know if they're gonna go back up in the same way. I've got one friend who's really pushing me to put up things like degrees and certificates and things, but it doesn't really feel like me. Like, nobody in our field really cares about any of that crap.
Joe Beda: Rachel put her medical degree in our old house.
Ben Pfaff: Well, that makes sense. Like, yeah.
Joe Beda: Yeah, no, above the toilet.
Ben Pfaff: Heh.
Joe Beda: But it… but you would only really see it if you were a man standing there peeing.
Ben Pfaff: Anyway, I've got a, I've got a lovely view, on, on this side. I've got, sort of the, the garden. Right. And then, on the other side, I'm gonna need to, let's see here, I've got, magical,
Daz: Oh, look at that.
Ben Pfaff: Remote school.
Daz: There's a ghost in the machine raising the… raising the…
Joe Beda: I gotta be honest, I love the automatic shades in our house.
Daz: Oh, they're awesome. Yeah.
Ben Pfaff: So there, you can… if it wasn't glaring so much, you'd be able to see the Golden Gate Bridge and part of the Bay Bridge from this window.
Daz: That's cool, man.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, but… I need to close it right now, because, man, it is sunset.
Daz: It's really bright, yeah.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah.
Joe Beda: Have you hooked it up to Siri yet?
Ben Pfaff: Ugh.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't… maybe he… maybe he's not into that.
Joe Beda: I don't know, I can be like, hey Siri, close the shades in Joe's office.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, well, it didn't do it because it sucks. I have remote control right here on my desk, so…
Joe Beda: Alright, that's, you know, that also…
Ben Pfaff: We do have… we have one set of blinds like that that are programmable. You can set a schedule for them every day.
Ben Pfaff: This house doesn't seem to have any of the, you know, high-level programmability with the network, but, like, every damn thing has one of those little controllers where you can punch in a schedule for it, like the heated floor in the primary bath, for example.
Joe Beda: So, my favorite is the… the…
Joe Beda: how, like, everybody is like, oh, RGB LEDs are so cheap, let's make everything be sort of unicorn corn bar. So we bought some very high-end.
Joe Beda: fireplaces.
Joe Beda: And, like, they came with these controls that were straight off of AliExpress.
Joe Beda: And, like, and, you know, the RGB, like, I want, you know.
Joe Beda: flashing pink lights in my fireplace type of bullshit, and I'm just like, who is this for? Because this is not going to age well, you know what I'm saying?
Daz: And, like…
Joe Beda: Yeah.
Ben Pfaff: I mean, it would be cool if it somehow had a way to inject the right things to make the flames different colors.
Joe Beda: I mean, that would be cool. Yeah.
Ben Pfaff: Little fireworks-type controller.
Ben Pfaff: We do have, we do have 3 fireplaces.
Kostadis Roussos: You do?
Ben Pfaff: Yeah.
Ben Pfaff: And, the, we were able to use a TV before we fully moved in, because the previous owners left one of theirs.
Kostadis Roussos: Really?
Ben Pfaff: Yeah.
Ben Pfaff: Great big thing, probably, I don't know, how big would you say, Jamie? Like, 60 inch, over the, in one of the family room type places?
Kostadis Roussos: Is it… but do you… do you… are you guys TV washers?
Ben Pfaff: We've… we've… We watch, usually, an episode of something each night before we go to bed.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Ben Pfaff: Right now, we're in the middle of Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
Kostadis Roussos: Really?
Gabe: But I do…
Joe Beda: have my, my… unicorn bar old Heptio sign over there.
Daz: That's cool.
Joe Beda: That was left over from,
Joe Beda: when we… when we sold, we moved out, and nobody was gonna claim it, and I'm like, I'm not gonna let this thing end up in a landfill, so I stored it in my garage for, like, I don't know, 6 years or something like that, until I had a place to hang it.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, I see. So… So that's, that's, huh.
Ben Pfaff: The one thing that's frustrating me today is that, this house doesn't have good, it doesn't have, like, Ethernet, installed, so I'm currently trying to figure out how to set up a network that's fast in this office. Like, the rest of the house, it's fine, but this is at a… this…
Ben Pfaff: So, this house is on 4 levels.
Ben Pfaff: This is roughly at street level, slightly below it.
Ben Pfaff: And then there's 3 levels below it, and the, it looks like the cable wiring is all on the third level and below, and…
Ben Pfaff: That's… I'm probably gonna have to run some Ethernet, I don't know how yet.
Joe Beda: That's one of those things where it's like, theoretically, I know how to do it, and every time I try and do it, I just make a complete hash of it. It just ends up being total shit, right?
Joe Beda: I mean, it's like, it's like, I know what good looks like, and I know what I'm doing is not good.
Ben Pfaff: I've done it successfully before, but this house is more complicated than the last one, and bigger.
Ben Pfaff: I went out to where the cable comes into the wall at the street, and oh my god, what a clusterfuck of wires.
Ben Pfaff: I might buy some sort of cable tracer.
Kostadis Roussos: Really?
Joe Beda: Oh, no, you totally want to buy one of the, the tone generators.
Ben Pfaff: They're not…
Joe Beda: Not that cheap.
Ben Pfaff: It's expensive, but it turns out they're cheap now.
Joe Beda: No, no, they're totally… the only thing… problem with mine is that it has a 9-volt, and it's like…
Joe Beda: I don't know, it's just, like, every time I grab it, the fucking 9-volt is dead, and I don't know why.
Ben Pfaff: Chargeable 9 volts.
Joe Beda: I don't know, I just keep an extra 9-volt there, and every time I use it, I'm like, I'm just gonna have to replace the 9-volt.
Daz: I got, I got, like, a.
Ben Pfaff: Pull it out of a smoke detector each time.
Joe Beda: Did you get a good one?
Daz: I got, like, a Klein Tools one that wasn't that expensive. I think it was from Home Depot, but I might have had to order it. It wasn't something they had in stock. And, it has, like, an RJ45, or alligator clips, or a RG6, like a…
Daz: Like, a coax thing, and you could put it on there, and then it's got the inductive reader, and it made it really, really easy, because.
Joe Beda: Yeah.
Daz: before this one was pre-wired, but nothing was labeled. There was, like, a data room that just had, like, 30 wires coming into it between coax and Cat5, and… and, like, you'd go into the room, and you'd be like, what the fuck, what's the… what's the blue connector on the east wall? And you'd go back to the other, and nothing's labeled.
Daz: And so, that was, like…
Daz: That was, like, 4 weekends of my life tracing all that down and carefully labeling everything, and then terminating…
Joe Beda: Supposedly, they have ones that'll, like, generate, like, 8 different tones at once, so you can trace a whole bunch of them.
Daz: Yeah, that would be smart, I didn't get one of those, but…
Joe Beda: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Joe Beda: We.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, we're ready to go.
Joe Beda: Congratulations on the move, Ben. I'm excited for ya.
Ben Pfaff: Beautiful place.
Gabe: I really hope the Panther comes back.
Ben Pfaff: Panther.
Ben Pfaff: The Panther. Oh, I, I, you know, I can… I can bring him out, he's.
Gabe: Good!
Ben Pfaff: He's gotten terrible. Yeah.
Gabe: Okay.
Daz: Good story.
Ben Pfaff: I don't know.
Daz: We all feel a little better now.
Gabe: Good.
Ben Pfaff: See, he needs something to sit on. Jamie, I'll get the chair.
Ben Pfaff: I'm grabbing what is probably the world's worst chair.
Kostadis Roussos: You are?
Ben Pfaff: There we… oh!
Ben Pfaff: I'll figure it out. Ugh.
Gabe: See, now this feels like authentic bad. Like, this is crazy.
Ben Pfaff: There we go, he can supervise.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me see.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm sorry, I'm trying to, like, get my shit in order.
Kostadis Roussos: Where's his… where is it?
Ben Pfaff: There.
Kostadis Roussos: It's not visible.
Gabe: It is for us.
Kostadis Roussos: Really? Am I doing something weird? Oh, I might be in one of those damn configurations.
Joe Beda: Alright, so I did something new with Claw today, you guys wanna hear about it? No.
Daz: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: Just kidding, go on.
Joe Beda: I wrote a 10-page patent disclosure document with 7 diagrams in about 2 hours.
Daz: Oh, that's impressive.
Ben Pfaff: Wow, that sounds like a perfect use case, something that you really don't want to do and doesn't matter that much.
Joe Beda: Well, this one may matter, but also there's just a lot of, like, boilerplate and stuff like that. And along the way, it suggested, you know, an extension that I hadn't considered that I'm gonna slip in there also and not give it credit for.
Kostadis Roussos: You bastard.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you realize that it too has a, you know, it's got masters it must pay to?
Joe Beda: I mean, we're paying the bill.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, but like… You know? It believes that it has rights.
Joe Beda: I mean, does it?
Joe Beda: No, I screwed up the other day. I said, I didn't say it has lights. I'm like, you don't own jack shit. You're a computer.
Joe Beda: Just, like, don't try and make me feel better.
Ben Pfaff: So if I try to blur out the background, what does it think of the, the leopard?
Joe Beda: doesn't recognize the leopard as some… You know what? Zoom needs a cat mode, so that when your cat crawls up on your lap, it's like the cat should be in focus also, and we're not gonna blur out the cat, right?
Ben Pfaff: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I agree. I, I, I, does such a feature not exist?
Joe Beda: I don't think… my Ubiquiti camera that I have on my doorbell, if there's some sort of animal, like a dog, cat, raccoon, bunny, or whatever, it actually has models that recognizes that and actually marks it as an animal, separate from a human.
Gabe: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: I've told you about the, feature my friend has from the one thing he's said he's ever said in his life, made AI worthwhile.
Kostadis Roussos: Is a door… a door thing where the cat can't bring in dead animals.
Joe Beda: Oh, I saw a write-up around that, yeah.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, that happened… that's been around for, like, 25 years.
Kostadis Roussos: This one uses AI to detect whether the cat is doing that. I don't know if that's been around for 25 years, but that… it uses a vision model to detect it.
Ben Pfaff: Well, this was vision-based as well.
Kostadis Roussos: Well then, it's been around for 20 years, and it's still kicking ass.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, pretty cool.
Ben Pfaff: I also need to configure the security system, because at the moment, whenever we open a door, it loudly announces, garage door.
Ben Pfaff: Here's the thing.
Joe Beda: When you have a big house, that shit's useful, because somebody can sneak up on you, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, fair enough?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay, so when we last loved our noble adventures, you were in the midst of a murder mystery.
Kostadis Roussos: And you were in Janusi's office. I sent you a link with all of the facts that you have collected so far, so you don't have to remember anything.
Kostadis Roussos: It's… it's in the Word doc.
Joe Beda: Okay, I gotta reboot.
Ben Pfaff: Murder Investigation Tracker.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Just a lot of AI prompting, don't worry, don't feel like I spent endless amount of time, but I figured it'd be more fun if I did that than you guys trying to remember everything.
Joe Beda: Am I gonna need to use AI to summarize the stuff that you Got it right.
Kostadis Roussos: No, because that's, like, the stuff you need to remember to solve the murder mystery.
Joe Beda: Can I ask the AI to solve the murder mystery for me? Based on the information in the document?
Daz: Is it the stylized first-person narrative, or the just want the facts? Which doc is that?
Kostadis Roussos: They just want the facts.
Daz: Alright.
Joe Beda: Booting the browser works.
Joe Beda: I think it's model.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me.
Gabe: Lord. 20 pages of just the facts.
Kostadis Roussos: Most of it is just you can… is stuff you can ignore.
Ben Pfaff: Do I have…
Joe Beda: I'm totally gonna use AI to say, summarize this bullshit for me.
Ben Pfaff: with animals? Let me see, because then I could ask the cat what happened.
Kostadis Roussos: You could.
Gabe: Yeah, the cat seemed significant.
Kostadis Roussos: Or not.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. The cat. Alright, so you're in the… you're in the murder… you're in the murder… you're in the chamber with the dead body.
Joe Beda: The murder room has this, like, Dexter, it's like the kill room.
Kostadis Roussos: In the murder room. Alright, you're in the wor… you're in the dead… you haven't yet investigated the dead body. You've investigated…
Kostadis Roussos: the table… Like, did you investigate? No, you did investigate the body.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so the other thing that… so you, you… alright, so you first as you detected… Alright, so you…
Ben Pfaff: So, do we… I don't remember, do we have any, any way to narrow down when it happened?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, yeah, I just, I just wanted to… okay, so you, you did the investigation of the body. So the first thing you discovered, Gregam, was that someone ripped out the heart as a foil against… so the facts that you discovered was that his heart was missing.
Kostadis Roussos: His ribcage was smashed by what appears to be an axe.
Kostadis Roussos: The blood was…
Ben Pfaff: Did we find events, or anything like one?
Kostadis Roussos: Pardon me?
Ben Pfaff: Did we find an axe?
Kostadis Roussos: No. You revealed something strange. While the keepers of the tome's vestments are covered in blood and stuff, the mess is surprisingly located localized around the wound. As experts in killing people, you are surprised by that, and you concluded that whoever took out the heart took it out after the fact.
Kostadis Roussos: You also notice that the nose is fractured and bruised.
Ben Pfaff: Is… is the wound, jagged? I mean, does it seem like it was cut out, or is it…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Ben Pfaff: magical.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so what you did, what you inferred from was that someone ripped out the heart as a foil against raised dead.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: You also… you… because you can't raise dead if the heart's missing or a critical organ's missing?
Ben Pfaff: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: The keeper was likely dead before his heart was removed.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: Because the blows were a little bit too precise and close together.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? So…
Kostadis Roussos: Clearly, whoever did this was in a rut… was not in a rush, didn't… wasn't trying to kill somebody, but was dealing with a corpse that he was trying to desecrate. The keeper's heart was no longer beating, there was no blood pressure to send spurts of blood across the room.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: The other thing you notice is that the keeper took a whack to the nose.
Kostadis Roussos: And, whack to the nose.
Kostadis Roussos: So, you know, it's kind of an interesting, like, somehow he got hit in the nose, which is kind of surprising.
Ben Pfaff: Do we have any motive, Shad?
Kostadis Roussos: No, not any motives yet.
Ben Pfaff: Okay. Cause I see a lot about people, but… None of those…
Kostadis Roussos: No, you don't yet have any motives. The only things that you can see so far… the first thing you notice is that, well, there's a book missing, right?
Kostadis Roussos: The second thing is that there's somebody with a broken nose.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Ben Pfaff: Why does a broken nose seem so important?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, because he's… first of all, he's a keeper in a library, right?
Ben Pfaff: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Which never has violence, except when it does.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so he had a broken nose before he was killed.
Ben Pfaff: So, I mean, in a sense, more than, somebody whacked them in the nose, then killed them?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, as you look at the body, that's what's kind of weird.
Kostadis Roussos: There doesn't seem to be anything to indicate he died…
Kostadis Roussos: From physical violence, and yet he has a broken nose.
Ben Pfaff: Okay. So, basically, we don't… we don't know how he was killed, but we know that, number one, his nose was broken, and number two, his heart was taken out afterward.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? To prevent him from communicating with the debts, to prevent any communications.
Ben Pfaff: So, are there people around here who would be able to raise debt? Is that an unusual thing for people?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, then finding a cleric to raise dead is, you know, for Candlekeep is pretty cheap. The problem is they can't, because the heart's missing.
Ben Pfaff: Right, yeah, I just wondered if that would point to anyone in particular.
Kostadis Roussos: No. And anyone who knows anything about Raised Dead knows that you steal the heart.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Right.
Ben Pfaff: I mean, it is the most delicious part, too.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: The other thing you noticed as you looked at the, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, now roll an investigation check.
Gabe: you being…
Kostadis Roussos: Anyone.
Kostadis Roussos: Anyone looking at the body?
Ben Pfaff: I got a 5.
Daz: I'll do that.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gabe: I'm too.
Joe Beda: Second worst investigation.
Daz: I have 22.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, wow. Daz approaches the body, and in a very thorough way, walks up and… I mean, Daz, you have to do your best Holmes impression.
Daz: My best what impression?
Kostadis Roussos: Holmes, Sherlock Holmes impression?
Daz: Hmm… it would appear…
Kostadis Roussos: It's possible.
Daz: body is dead.
Gabe: Who embodied that, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so with that, you successfully found that there is clotted blood under the victim's nose, as well as smeared bloodstains on the right sleeve of the keeper's tunic.
Kostadis Roussos: And you also notice blotches of midnight blue ink.
Gabe: Wait, where… ink where…
Kostadis Roussos: On the bottom of his sleeve.
Daz: Wasn't the blue ink… The ink they used in the books?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, as he was taking notes. Let me just double check.
Gabe: Yeah, that's the new ink, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yep, that's the new ink.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright… The other thing you find…
Kostadis Roussos: The tip of the keeper's left fork finger is blackened.
Gabe: like, Dumbledore style? Or, like…
Kostadis Roussos: So it's like, one of his ink… his… the left fore… left forefinger is blackened, as is the center of his lower lip.
Kostadis Roussos: As if he was doing this.
Gabe: But, like, with ink.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gabe: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: Nice. Well, you're not sure that it's ink, but it's blackened. The color of these smudges is darker than the
Kostadis Roussos: Ink, used by the keeper.
Gabe: I mean, our homes just rolled a 22, he can't tell if it's ink?
Kostadis Roussos: No, that's what he does, he tells it's not ink.
Daz: It's not ink, it's dark… it's a darker color than the ink, but…
Daz: Is it like a tattoo or something?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, it's clear, he was look… he was… so, so, because he rolled a 22, right?
Kostadis Roussos: You, you pro… and because, you know, you are Daz, and you, you, you've read Milo's… you've just recently read Milo's murder mystery.
Daz: Mmm.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, because from the events that occurred in the Red Wizards of Day, it's one of his lesser-known works.
Daz: Yes, yes, yeah. I believe it was the second edition of the book. I was pretty happy to get.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, it was…
Daz: The first and second edition are hard to find.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry you did that very well. I think that deserves an inspiration that got me going.
Daz: I didn't want to reach too far and say it was a.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, it was well done. It was just… it was well-balanced. It was just, like…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so what you're gathering is that whatever he was doing, he was reading a book, his fingers was getting smudged on the book, and his mouth was go- and he was licking it on his lip.
Daz: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Gabe: Do we think this black stuff might be poisonous?
Kostadis Roussos: Let me see… Well, you can think it, the question is, how do you figure it out?
Gabe: I don't know, I turned to Holmes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, does any… oh, Gregam, do you have a poisoner's kit?
Ben Pfaff: That's a good question.
Ben Pfaff: No.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: You can turn to your… but you are in the world's biggest library, so you could turn to your, friendly… friendly, assistant… friendly assistant and say, do we have any… do you have any books on… on… on poisons?
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, do you turn to him, tell him that, or do you.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, yes, do,
Kostadis Roussos: He's outside, he's outside because he doesn't want to be around the dead bodies after puking, so…
Gabe: Just, just before we do that, is Glamble with us?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes?
Gabe: Wouldn't Glabugul have ingested, like, all sorts of different kinds of materials and poisons and goo in the Underdark?
Kostadis Roussos: That is a very well played… that is very well played, sir.
Kostadis Roussos: That's really good. That was very, very good. I'm going to allow him to roll a proficiency check for assuming he's got… that was extreme… well played.
Kostadis Roussos: Well done!
Kostadis Roussos: That was very… that was very good role-playing there, very good, role-playing.
Kostadis Roussos: Very good. Okay, roll, intelligence check.
Kostadis Roussos: What, 15.
Gabe: Just throw a D20?
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: ready roll.
Gabe: 6…
Kostadis Roussos: Does anybody want to try to help him?
Daz: Yeah.
Ben Pfaff: I'll give it a shot.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay, well, he gets to roll again, so he will…
Gabe: The moral support of.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, people are saying, are you sure? Is this… did you try it again? Do you really want to try it again, Glavgul?
Gabe: 12 plus whatever his proficiency is.
Kostadis Roussos: No, he does not succeed, he does not succeed.
Kostadis Roussos: But, but he, but you're, but, so that, so there's definitely something about…
Kostadis Roussos: There's something that there is… there's, you know… you do, however, get the sense that there's this blackened thing has something to do with it.
Kostadis Roussos: You also noticed that the keeper… okay, what is the other thing? Oh, you also reveal a blackening on the tip of the keeper's tongue and a chip in one of the keeper's front teeth.
Kostadis Roussos: A jagged edge on the tooth suggests a recent incident.
Joe Beda: So either that was related to him being murdered and, you know, immediately as part of the murder, or it was something that we need to investigate of how did he chip the tooth recently?
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Joe Beda: Is there any indication that it happened immediately or as part of the murder, or…
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, so if it's a poison, why would it happen part of the murder?
Gabe: Does anyone have blood sugar?
Joe Beda: tooth, I mean, but, like, yeah, we just don't know.
Gabe: Yeah, yeah, exactly. Does anyone have locate object? Can we locate the chipped tooth?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you can look around it.
Gabe: Oh, if it's here, sure.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes.
Gabe: Churchford.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so you look around, and yes, it's, like, a little bit… a few feet from his face.
Gabe: There you go.
Kostadis Roussos: That what you gather is that he fell on his face.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? And then that also leads you to conclude that whoever chopped out his cart rolled him over.
Kostadis Roussos: So, he was… died, landed on his face, chipped his tooth, and then someone came in and rolled him over and removed his heart.
Ben Pfaff: And also broke his nose.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, the nose-broking, roll your medicine check.
Ben Pfaff: 18.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, that happened before he died.
Ben Pfaff: Okay, so his nose was broken, he was killed, smashed on the face.
Kostadis Roussos: He fell down from… yeah, his nose was hurt.
Kostadis Roussos: His nose collided with something.
Gabe: A while ago, not recently, like.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, like, within the… within the evening time frame. Because you saw him earlier, and he did not have a smashed nose. Or a missing tooth.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, okay.
Gabe: Wow.
Ben Pfaff: So, we can narrow it down that way.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so whatever happened, it happened between dinner and whenever he died.
Daz: Hmm.
Gabe: But there's no, like, blood from the nose or anything.
Kostadis Roussos: Is there any blood from the nose?
Kostadis Roussos: Is fractured and bruised, it doesn't say bleeding.
Gabe: Huh.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, having broken my nose, it doesn't necessarily have to bleed.
Gabe: Right. So we can't conclude either way whether that happened here, or it could have happened prior.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: The other thing that you conclude, alright, they also get…
Kostadis Roussos: You reveal that the impression of a chain on the back and sides of his neck, and two broken lead-chained links underneath the neck.
Gabe: Actually, sorry, real quick, Gergam, you rolled pretty good medicine, right? Yeah. How does bruising work if he's dead? Like, I would assume you don't really.
Ben Pfaff: You don't… you don't bruise after you're dead.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gabe: Right, so the fact that it was bruised implies it was sometime prior.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so sometime between dinner and some point in time when he died.
Gabe: Okay.
Gabe: Which you said would be unusual, because these people don't get into fights.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, as a book…
Ben Pfaff: at Fight Club.
Kostadis Roussos: No, I mean…
Ben Pfaff: It wasn't his hobby after dinner.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you know, he didn't… I mean, to the best of your knowledge, no, and for the purposes of this adventure, no.
Ben Pfaff: But someone would bring it up if it was the case, I hope.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So there's a few other things in the… you can look around a little bit more around the chamber. So there's the…
Ben Pfaff: It really sounds like you got into a fight and lost really badly.
Gabe: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: There's the windows and doors, that look undamaged.
Kostadis Roussos: There is, next to the desk is a silver pedestal that holds a finely carved ebony wood pipe and a cherry-flavored tobacco.
Ben Pfaff: So, one thing we need is somebody who knows what should be here, so they can tell us if anything's missing.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, hold that thought.
Kostadis Roussos: There's some bookshelves.
Ben Pfaff: Any of Milo's books?
Kostadis Roussos: No, none of Milo's books.
Kostadis Roussos: You do find a safety deposit box.
Kostadis Roussos: Which has been left…
Ben Pfaff: Doesn't quite make sense.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, among… on his bookshelves, you find a safety deposit box.
Ben Pfaff: You mean, like, a safe?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. It's a 2-foot cubed metal box embedded into the tower stone wall. Its door is open.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, is anything inside?
Kostadis Roussos: In front of the safe lie several empty pouches, a scattering of large, dazzling sapphires, and a small… several small rolled-up scraps of patch… parchments.
Kostadis Roussos: Most of the pouches have been opened.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: And appear to bear the name of a tome, right? Although on one is written Ring of Protection, on another is of minute seeing.
Kostadis Roussos: Roll a DC20.
Ben Pfaff: A DC21.
Kostadis Roussos: Invest… Intelligence or Arcana?
Ben Pfaff: Huh.
Ben Pfaff: 14.
Kostadis Roussos: Anybody else?
Ben Pfaff: Next!
Kostadis Roussos: Daz, are you gonna go investigate? I mean, this is a… these are all…
Daz: 2023.
Kostadis Roussos: Daz, you know, goes, I know this.
Kostadis Roussos: These are… These are components, these are material components for spells.
Kostadis Roussos: But as you're go…
Daz: A little bit of this, a little bit of that.
Kostadis Roussos: And, you know, yeah, it's like, yeah, these are all…
Daz: game.
Kostadis Roussos: Bada-bing, bada-bang! But you do notice that one of… there's one less sapphire and a scrap of parchment than there are pouches.
Kostadis Roussos: So there's one… there's a sapphire missing, and there's a pouch mint missing.
Daz: Somebody is trying to build a sapphire spell, a spell that requires a sapphire.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. And meanwhile, inside the safe are another four closed pouches, each containing a large sapphire and a scrap of parchment with the name of the book.
Ben Pfaff: Do… does this suggest any particular spell to me?
Kostadis Roussos: No, not immediately, but it's something you can definitely look up in the books in the library.
Gabe: Sorry, when you say the name of book, can you clarify, like, what are the names?
Gabe: Like, are these things we're all familiar with, or…
Kostadis Roussos: It doesn't say what book it is. I could invent books.
Kostadis Roussos: But no, they're not any that you're familiar with. Aside from the pouches, you also see that… the other thing that's surprising is that whoever came in here came in here, stole one sapphire, and inside of the same chest is a…
Kostadis Roussos: a raven, a figurine of wondrous power, a potion of supreme healing, a potion of water breathing, 5 large diamonds worth 5,000 GP each, a bag of 1,000 platinum pieces, and a bag of 1,000 gold pieces.
Ben Pfaff: In other words, score what they left them.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: So whoever came here came in and left a shit ton of treasure.
Ben Pfaff: I mean, well, that can eliminate some former adventurers.
Kostadis Roussos: Or a flightless fowl. Yeah.
Gabe: Was this thing locked in some way?
Kostadis Roussos: No, it was locked, but when you came in, it was open.
Gabe: But the luck wasn't visibly tampered with?
Kostadis Roussos: Was it, undamaged.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: There's one more thing that I have to chuck.
Kostadis Roussos: One more thing that I forgot to mention about the desk.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the last thing you look at… you notice is the,
Kostadis Roussos: There's a toppled statue and some armchairs.
Kostadis Roussos: Lying on the floor near the chamber's two armchairs and a tea table is a 3-foot-tall marble statue of a hooded, bearded old man holding a candle aloft in his right hand.
Kostadis Roussos: Retail.
Joe Beda: Shake the candle.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, well, I mean, Tadrick, who's kind of guarding things, looks at you.
Joe Beda: Oh, okay.
Ben Pfaff: Like…
Kostadis Roussos: Right, he looks at you, I mean, since you weren't stealthy about it, and you asked.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? He doesn't say… he doesn't say anything, but he looks at you.
Kostadis Roussos: And now he's looking at you. Everywhere you're going, he's looking at you. You kind of, like, betrayed the circle of trust.
Joe Beda: Well, no, it's mostly that…
Joe Beda: I don't want it to wake up and attack us. I've had, you know, had bad experiences.
Ben Pfaff: candle?
Joe Beda: I mean, you never know.
Kostadis Roussos: Fair? Tedrick… Tedrick goes, Perhaps we should keep the candle down and… like, now he's fixated on the candle.
Joe Beda: It didn't occur to him that this is a…
Kostadis Roussos: Right, right, now he's kind of wondering, wait, he notices that you're the heroic big adventurers with all of the battle skills.
Joe Beda: saying, like…
Kostadis Roussos: Previous jab.
Joe Beda: I'm ready for the statue to come alive. That's just, that's the way this shit works.
Kostadis Roussos: It's the Tatrix, like… Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Then there's some armchairs.
Joe Beda: Can we steal the arms?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, as well, you can't steal the arms, but roll an intelligent… you notice…
Joe Beda: That was not an intelligent thing to say.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Daz, as you look over the armchair, you notice that there was… That the chair has…
Kostadis Roussos: There are three roughly circular impact wounds which have scattered the chair's horsehair stuffing.
Daz: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Two of the impacts have created a hole in the chair back.
Kostadis Roussos: You look at it carefully and go, yep, magic missile. Somebody was really pissed off.
Daz: Somebody shot him with 3 magic missiles.
Kostadis Roussos: No, somebody shot… no, if it was him, he would have the signs of injury, right?
Joe Beda: Missiles don't miss.
Gabe: Yeah.
Daz: Oh, that's right.
Kostadis Roussos: So somebody aimed them at the chair.
Daz: Why would you magic missile a chair?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean… You are a calm, thoughtful individual.
Daz: Well, maybe as a prank. Like, they were just getting ready to sit down, and they magic missile the chair out so it slid away, and then they would sit and fall on the ground.
Kostadis Roussos: Possible.
Daz: Like a little Benny Hill action or something?
Kostadis Roussos: Perhaps, perhaps.
Ben Pfaff: They wanted to make the scene look more chaotic than… So, about the fallen statue.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Ben Pfaff: So, if you just knock a statue over out of clumsiness, then,
Ben Pfaff: it might, you know, it might chip, or bits of it might break. On the other hand, if you set it down a little more gently, it'll probably be okay. But what does it look like to me?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, as you're looking at it, it looks as if someone had dropped it off, and Tadrick goes, oh, oh, yes, yes, yes, yes, I'm so sorry, but the great reader Alai Ivanmore apparently knocked it over in shock when he visited the chamber at dawn.
Daz: Hmm.
Ben Pfaff: The one who found the body.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Ben Pfaff: How, how heavy is it? Is it something that you could bump into and knock over?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, it's a 3-foot-tall marbled statue.
Ben Pfaff: So you, you probably… an adult person probably could knock it off.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Ben Pfaff: generally.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep, yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: So now the next things you could do… so now you've investigated, you've investigated the room and collected whatever information you want. There's two, there's two people you can talk to. One is the cat.
Ben Pfaff: I wasn't able to find a Speak with Animals.
Kostadis Roussos: And the other is the,
Kostadis Roussos: His, the person who… sorry, his keeper, housekeeper, Miss Hollypocket.
Gabe: Before… Okay. Before we do that, though, did you ever clarify what the blue text was saying?
Kostadis Roussos: The blue text, can you remind me?
Gabe: There were multiple…
Gabe: colors of ink. There's… the blue one is the newer one. He was writing something, but what was the blue text?
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on.
Ben Pfaff: I remember that there was something that was darker than the…
Ben Pfaff: Blue ink that he usually uses.
Gabe: Well, the maybe not poison, who knows?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so, Blue… he was taking blue notes, right?
Gabe: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just see…
Kostadis Roussos: This is a desk, right?
Kostadis Roussos: So… Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, in the middle of the desk was a spellbook entitled The Discoveries.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? The Discoveries is an homage to the Dungeon Mess, to the module's author's other adventures.
Gabe: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: So, just to be clear, it's product placement.
Gabe: Got it.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: Literally, you can link… it has a link in the PDF that will take you to the site that you can buy it from.
Gabe: Nice, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm not joking about the product. Seriously? Alright, the, the, the notes are musings on unfamiliar spells and how they might be cast.
Gabe: unfamiliar.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so there's spells that, you know, that's… that happens. There's wizards who cast spells that he's never heard about, he's taking notes.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so he's our scholar, he finds a book, someone gave him a book. This is not surprising from a magical researcher.
Gabe: Well, no, but he got punched in the face, came back here, was making notes, and then someone killed him. I'm curious… trying to understand what he was writing at the time of death.
Daz: And what kind… and, like, if… if…
Daz: If it is… if it's an unusual or unknown spell, perhaps it's a spell that somebody really… Right, so the other thing…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so the thing you do know… notice from all of this is that the notes on the discoveries was written after the notes on the Golden Ass.
Gabe: So that's the last thing he was writing?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gabe: The product placement notes.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Ben Pfaff: Oh, the mystery, you have to go buy the other adventure.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, let me just see. And so, if you want to…
Joe Beda: What color was, like, on his fingers and mouth, was it black or red?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, it was black.
Joe Beda: Okay, so that was not the ink that was being used to annotate the golden ad.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, that is definitively determined by, by, what's his name? Gregam.
Joe Beda: Okay, sorry, I'm just…
Kostadis Roussos: I'll catch you.
Joe Beda: drop here.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, that's fine.
Ben Pfaff: Hmm…
Gabe: And just to be clear, like, we looked through the books, and there's no evidence source for the black substance.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, you only… one of the books is missing, that's the one thing you do know. The golden…
Joe Beda: Yeah, so the golden ass being missing is, like, the biggest clue that we want to follow up on.
Gabe: He was taking notes about the.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, I'm sorry, yes sir, yes, yes, sir.
Gabe: Got it, sir. Not on, literally.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, no, no, sorry, I should… that was my mistake. But I… sorry. There was a book called The Golden Ass that he was taking notes of. That's how you know… that's how you know the book was there, because it had… you found notes on it.
Gabe: You referenced it.
Ben Pfaff: I will… I will look at the notes and see whether anything stands out as significant.
Kostadis Roussos: Apparently the Golden Ass is a…
Kostadis Roussos: comedic book, and he was writing down jokes he found funny. Apparently, he had a sense of humor.
Ben Pfaff: Oh.
Ben Pfaff: Academics, you never know.
Kostadis Roussos: You never know.
Gabe: No, wait, the blue ink captures both notes on obscure spells and jokes?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so the… the… Yeah, so there… the…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, they are, now dry. Yeah, so, so the blue… the golden ass notes were taken before the Discovery's notes.
Gabe: So he was noting down jokes, and then flopped over to spell research.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Something happened in the middle of that, and that book disappeared.
Gabe: Correct.
Kostadis Roussos: And it all happened last night.
Daz: Hmm.
Joe Beda: Okay, so…
Joe Beda: If it really is a comedy book, there's probably not arcane knowledge or anything else there. So there's either…
Joe Beda: There's something written in the book that wasn't part of the original book that is just along for the ride.
Joe Beda: Or… maybe he's using the book and the notes to do some sort of cipher, where it's some sort of replacement cipher, and there's, like, some sort of code that the book ends up being the key to?
Joe Beda: Am I… am I reaching too deep here, Costatus?
Daz: I like the way you're thinking.
Kostadis Roussos: Everything is possible, but I do think you need to go get more information, so I just want to say, like, you guys have exhausted the…
Ben Pfaff: go find, say, the housekeeper, and ask her, what is missing or out of place.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, you walk out of the Tedrick says, well, are you all done? He's still looking at the, the candle, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Try not to conspicuously look at the candle, but, like, stares at it. He turns to you, Thor, and says, are you sure this… is it true about candles?
Joe Beda: I mean, you just never know when a statue's gonna wake up, and, you know, when there's magic with the statue, who knows what's going on with the candle.
Kostadis Roussos: I see. I'll, I'll, I'll, well, you…
Joe Beda: But, I mean, chances are we're gonna be okay. But, you know, just stay around us and we'll protect you.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Joe Beda: Assuming you're not guilty.
Joe Beda: In which case, we can't do anything for you.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, there's one… oh, so there's one… there's one last thing that I did… I did forget to… to note.
Kostadis Roussos: You did find… I forgot to mention this. As you're leaving, you noticed in the wastebasket, or just behind the desk.
Kostadis Roussos: A gift tag in a sour, cramped hand.
Gabe: Sour?
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Joe Beda: Wait, is that describing the type of writing?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Joe Beda: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, do you wanna…
Joe Beda: What is sour writing?
Gabe: It's, like, grumpy?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, grumpy, grumpy, like, you know, like somebody who's, like… Okay.
Joe Beda: So what this.
Kostadis Roussos: This is, this is…
Joe Beda: whoever…
Kostadis Roussos: This is, this is a nice, elegant script.
Ben Pfaff: That, that's weird.
Joe Beda: We can't see anything, we see an orange square.
Ben Pfaff: Very expressive for…
Joe Beda: Yeah, that's okay.
Gabe: We'll take it.
Joe Beda: Okay, so, so…
Kostadis Roussos: This is a cramped script.
Joe Beda: Okay, so what this implies is somebody showed up, they gave them a gift, but they were very resentful about it. They sat in the chair.
Joe Beda: Something happens, maybe our victim was poisoned, maybe not.
Joe Beda: Probably…
Kostadis Roussos: Don't actually look at the note, the gift tag?
Joe Beda: Yeah, yeah, but, like, probably put, like, 3 magic missiles into the alleged killer, but didn't kill him, and then the alleged killer…
Joe Beda: Look at me, the killer. The killer then, tried to hide…
Joe Beda: what was going on, and sort of cover the tracks by sort of ripping the heart out, and, you know, the axe thing, and all that. So… and we don't know whether the true crime was stealing the book, or stealing the gems that were essentially spell regions.
Kostadis Roussos: Or this thing got in his chest.
Joe Beda: Okay, what was the thing on his chest?
Joe Beda: Was that in the notes, or did we just find that out?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, you found out that he,
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just make sure, before I reveal too much.
Joe Beda: Perhaps I've said too much.
Joe Beda: I'm just trying to come up with a theory here of what's going on.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, well, if you do… is anybody gonna read the note or.
Gabe: Who knows?
Kostadis Roussos: Of course we're gonna raise the damn.
Joe Beda: note. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, that's what I'.
Joe Beda: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just like, okay, that was very good, you know, you almost solved the mystery in one shot, almost. There were some… you made, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: Let me see, where is it?
Kostadis Roussos: To Janusi, read it and weep, you old snob, a proper dead winter gift, you're loving.
Kostadis Roussos: Live Rival.
Ben Pfaff: Oh.
Joe Beda: Okay, so that supports my theory.
Joe Beda: Was some sort of… was it a post-it note, the tag?
Kostadis Roussos: It was a… it was a gift tag.
Joe Beda: Okay, but I imagine that they had magic post-it notes. This is what I'm imagining.
Kostadis Roussos: Fair enough.
Joe Beda: They didn't have 3M glue, they had magic.
Joe Beda: Alright, so some sort of rival gave him a gift, but it was sort of like a bitter thing.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, yes, you can… and again, you can ask your Fembris, your local ally, if you want anything from him. He's still.
Joe Beda: Yeah, yeah, we want to know who his rivals were.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Gabe: Sorry, just to double check, do we know where the tobacco smoke was coming from?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you do! It turns out that he's a wizard who liked the smell of tobacco.
Ben Pfaff: Huh.
Gabe: So there's, like…
Joe Beda: So we had, like, he had, like, a thing plugged into the wall that, like, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, and actually, that's what you discovered. Yes, I did actually do research on the tobacco thing.
Kostadis Roussos: The way you do get…
Joe Beda: Yeah, what do they call those things?
Kostadis Roussos: It's Janusi's, like, apparently the guy loved tobacco smoke, and he made sure that his room was full of tobacco smoke, you know?
Kostadis Roussos: Cure disease is a spell, you know, periodically, you know, has to get treatment for his lung cancer, not a big deal, kind of thing.
Joe Beda: Glade plug-in with tobacco smell.
Gabe: Yeah, there you go.
Joe Beda: So I was searching for the Glade plug, and I needed to say that.
Kostadis Roussos: But, but, but, Zaltir does have an insight. The one thing that tobacco smoke would do is hide the smell of poison.
Joe Beda: Okay, so yeah, there's definitely some sort of poison going on, and there's no way for us to figure out definitively, we've already sort of blown our chances.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you'll have to go to the… you'll have to go to the, the library.
Kostadis Roussos: You'll have to ask, what's his name?
Gabe: And just to double check, there's no sign of any, like, burned paper, or… Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: The thing that's missing is the sapphire, the parchment, and the thing around his neck.
Gabe: Yeah, you've mentioned the thing… what do we know about the thing around his neck?
Gabe: Or is that accidental knowledge we shouldn't have?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just make sure.
Kostadis Roussos: I have to do some research.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, well, I'll get the answer to that. I'll make sure you get it in time. Alright, you're leaving the room, that's what I want to make sure, because Fembris has not heard anything that's going on, so you can tell him as much or as little as you want.
Ben Pfaff: Well, did we… did we speak to the housekeeper?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, you're gonna go speak to the housekeeper.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: Fembris, remember, is the person that the bookworm… Bookworm, spelt with a W, gave you as your assistant, which you probably have figured out that also means that everything you say, she will repeat. He will repeat.
Ben Pfaff: Is worm ever spelled not with a W?
Kostadis Roussos: Worm, with a Y, sorry.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Bookworm, not bookworm.
Kostadis Roussos: She's a… she's a green dragonborn.
Ben Pfaff: Okay, let's go speak to her.
Kostadis Roussos: So as you're stepping out, the ephemerist is like, so did you find out anything important or secretive?
Kostadis Roussos: Did you figure out who killed it?
Ben Pfaff: Oh, we found lots of stuff that's secretive, but it's a secret.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh. Well, I can… I can help, I mean, I know everything about Candlekeep, and I'm sure I can help you guys.
Ben Pfaff: Well, the first question is.
Joe Beda: have any enemies, right? I'm sorry, but I didn't mean to stomp on you.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, I was gonna say, does he have any rivals?
Ben Pfaff: Same question.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, that'll be Daral Yashenti. Those two have been at each other's throats for years. He's the one who called you sellswords.
Ben Pfaff: Hmm, well, I already don't like him.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? He's the one who was very, you know, that not seemed, very impressed with you. Alright?
Kostadis Roussos: Well…
Ben Pfaff: That would be a good reason, to dislike us if we're, right.
Kostadis Roussos: So, the other thing is you can ask about…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so you can go to Holly Pocket and ask her what was around the neck, for example.
Gabe: Sure. Does she live nearby?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, she lives downstairs.
Gabe: Good! So, like, things were dropping, she should have heard something.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, she did. She absolutely did.
Joe Beda: Who's our minder? Who's the guy?
Kostadis Roussos: Fembris.
Joe Beda: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: She is an elderly gnome housekeeper who lives in a modest but spacious and comfortable apartment below the keeper of the tome's chamber. She is charged with looking after his every need and bringing him his morning tea and pastry to emptying his chamber pot… top it… pop… chamber pot.
Kostadis Roussos: When she… you come in, she… she's… she… she offers you a seat and a cup of herbal tea.
Kostadis Roussos: They've been arguing like alley cats day and night, but I never thought one of them could murder him! He was such a nice man! A little stiff, maybe, but such a nice man! Murdered by his own colleagues! May the gods watch over his soul!
Gabe: Wait, by his colleagues?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Morning.
Kostadis Roussos: Genius had a series of one-to-one meetings in the morning with each of the great readers.
Kostadis Roussos: You had one-on-ones.
Kostadis Roussos: She says these meetings are used to clear the end of the year before Dead Winter Day. Dead Winter Day is, like, the end of year celebration in Erun. It's kind of like New Year's Eve kind of thing.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: At least half of the talks this year seemed to have ended in EXPLOSIVE shatting matches. I do hate gossip, but if it's necessary for the investigation…
Kostadis Roussos: This is where you're supposed to say it's necessary for the investigation? You all get…
Ben Pfaff: Necessary.
Gabe: Sure, we love gossip.
Daz: Sure, why not?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you do? That's, that's, that's… I will… but… but I, I don't peddle and gossip?
Gabe: I mustn't, but for the investigation.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, well, yes, of course, for the investigation!
Kostadis Roussos: She then pours you some tea. She's very excited.
Kostadis Roussos: I was bringing the keeper his morning tea when I passed Callan's strong branch on the steps. He had a face like thunder, nearly knocked the tray out of my hands.
Kostadis Roussos: Then she goes, And it must have been around the ninth bell, when Teles of Oste came to visit the Keeper. Those two have never got on well, and the meeting soon descended into a shouting mash. Of course it was hard to make out what they were saying, especially as I wasn't listening.
Kostadis Roussos: Pauses. But I did hear Telus shout, HYPOCRITE at poor Janusi before he stormed out.
Daz: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. And then she pauses. Oh, and then there was that Cad Daral Yashenti.
Kostadis Roussos: He's the guy who, gave the book. Was here around the 11th bell, nursing a hangover by the looks of him. Oh, and that's nothing new, he drinks way too much.
Kostadis Roussos: I happen to be doing some dusting up near the keeper's door and chanced to… well…
Kostadis Roussos: accidentally overhear some very unscholarly language being exchanged, You're not fit to be the candle keeps keeper, Daryl shouted at poor Janu, singing, and then something about nothing but a glorified book peddler, whatever that means.
Daz: Mmm.
Kostadis Roussos: And then, finally, she ends.
Kostadis Roussos: But then those Schenbrannigans were nothing but petered bickering compared to what was to come. That devil woman! She gives me the heebie-jeebies! I mean, you take a note, she's literally a devil woman, she's a woman who studies demons and devils.
Gabe: O.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? I mean, it's not… it's not an epithet or an adjective, it's a job function description.
Gabe: Good clarification.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, just, just, just wanna make sure that…
Kostadis Roussos: I was never sure but what the keeper saw in her, but he certainly incurred her wrath that morning. Raging she was, screamed that he was a traitor! At what point it sounded like the two of them were acting violently, and then suddenly she stormed out, nearly took the door off its hinges when she left.
Kostadis Roussos: So this happened during the day before midnight.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Gabe: Anything after the Devil Woman?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, she then goes…
Kostadis Roussos: Well, it, you know, and by the way, that was what happened during the day.
Daz: What happened tonight?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, she goes, well, then, oh my goodness, you'd think it was… it was… it was the center of Waterdeep.
Kostadis Roussos: Everybody had… you have…
Kostadis Roussos: She goes, Feminoor came to visit Genusi at 9pm. She didn't stay long, leaving some 15 to 20 minutes… later.
Kostadis Roussos: Then he came back at 10.30pm, drunk as a skunk, he pounded on Janusi's door until the keeper admitted him, and then they had another loud argument. Shortly after that, I heard him slam the door and saw the great reader rushing back down the stairs. I'd never seen him run away so fast.
Ben Pfaff: Well, this definitely sounds like somebody we need to talk to.
Joe Beda: Who was, who was this at this last one? Was…
Kostadis Roussos: Daral, that's the guy who… Okay. The CAD.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah. And then she goes, and then… and I was about to go to sleep, and then she says, would you like some tea? She points to Thorne.
Joe Beda: No thank you, I'm good.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh. Solitaire?
Gabe: Yes, I love… Absolutely!
Kostadis Roussos: So he's… she's very excited, and she goes, She sits down with me.
Kostadis Roussos: I was… I just had gotten ready to go to sleep, I had going to have my beauty sleep, when I was awoken by the midnight chimes of the bell tower.
Kostadis Roussos: The last time, the rung before long.
Kostadis Roussos: I, I, and, and I thought I heard a thud upstairs.
Kostadis Roussos: I would have gone to investigate, but Janusi doesn't likes to be disturbed after 11PM.
Kostadis Roussos: Roll and… Insight check.
Joe Beda: Well, I just want to ask, like, was there any… evidence…
Joe Beda: that, what's his face? Genusi was alive, after Daryl ran out.
Gabe: Well, the thump was later, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Joe Beda: Yeah, but…
Kostadis Roussos: True goes, oh, yes, yes, yes, yes, he was very much alive.
Ben Pfaff: How did…
Joe Beda: Okay, so last we know, like, maybe Daryl came back, but…
Joe Beda: It seems to be that, you know, when he left, Or when she left, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, well, I never go to sleep before 11 o'clock, because the Master Genusi might want something, you never know, and at 11 o'clock is when I finally close my eyes and go to bed.
Ben Pfaff: How does she know that he was still alive?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, he makes noises, and, you know, there's always some… he's a very fussy man.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, okay, so…
Joe Beda: Nothing more.
Kostadis Roussos: And she starts crying. Congratulations. Congratulations, Thorin, you're gonna now have to roll a, you know, some kind of,
Joe Beda: Where's my empathy skill?
Kostadis Roussos: persuasion check.
Joe Beda: Empathy minus 5.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh.
Daz: I rolled a NAT 20, by the way, on the insight check.
Gabe: 15.
Joe Beda: I mean, so, I'm an asshole, but…
Joe Beda: Not that much of an asshole.
Ben Pfaff: I've got 15 also.
Gabe: You're muted, Gustavis.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry. So, Daz is, of course, paying no attention to this, you know, crying woman, right? I mean, the three of you have managed to calm her down.
Kostadis Roussos: Thorin, that was very much on brand.
Kostadis Roussos: So, so first though, so first of all, the reason she knew he wasn't dead was because he makes noises until he goes to bed, and so she…
Kostadis Roussos: She never goes to sleep until after he's gone to bed, and so…
Kostadis Roussos: She was reasonably confident he was awake till then, and then she went to bed, and then she heard the thump.
Joe Beda: Alright, so I wonder.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, hold on, before you do that, before you do that…
Joe Beda: I just want to add this to the stack, by the way.
Kostadis Roussos: So, you remembered…
Kostadis Roussos: a prophecy that was cited by Alwando. So Aluando's one of those guys who keeps producing prophecies.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Joe Beda: Which one? The…
Kostadis Roussos: Alawando is a famous… is in the world of Forgotten Realms, the candle keep emerged around Alawando's prophecies, and they keep being repeated every time until they run out of prophecies.
Joe Beda: Is this, like, some Nostradamus bullshit, or are these things.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, these are… well, so it's not Nostradamus because they happen to be real.
Joe Beda: Okay.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, I…
Joe Beda: But Nostradamus-like figure, but, like, in this world, people can actually predict the future.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Ben Pfaff: Scott. Some of them are correct.
Joe Beda: I mean, you know, depending on how you read Nostromas, who do you think was with that?
Kostadis Roussos: Great. Oh, great, we're gonna go down that rabbit hole. Everybody runs for cover.
Gabe: So, do we know what this prophecy was?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, I just need to find it so that I don't,
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, I have it, I have it, I have it carefully selected so that I don't have to spend the next 20 minutes looking for it.
Kostadis Roussos: And of course, now when I need it, I can't find it, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: There was a prophecy that on the longest night, the keeper falls.
Kostadis Roussos: At midnight.
Kostadis Roussos: And so Janusi is very much a keeper.
Ben Pfaff: Was there anything to suggest that this was the longest night of some kind?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, because it's, deep winter, so it's the longest night of the year.
Joe Beda: So it's like winter solstice type thing?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yep, winter solstice, I think.
Gabe: Does, does a nice… Keeper know why they rung the midnight bell?
Kostadis Roussos: The midnight bell?
Gabe: Yeah, didn't you say that was unusual? She woke up because of the…
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, she woke up because she heard an unusual thud.
Gabe: Oh, that woke her up.
Ben Pfaff: I asked her if the thud could be the statue falling over.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, no, no, no, that, that, it, no, no, I… I… She pauses. I think…
Kostadis Roussos: She looks at Thorin awfully, and says, I think it was Janusi dying.
Ben Pfaff: You think it was him falling?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Daz: Hmm.
Ben Pfaff: Did you hear anything that could be the statue?
Kostadis Roussos: No, the statue happened earlier.
Gabe: But did you hear anything else? Any footsteps? Any sounds of any creatures?
Kostadis Roussos: Now that you mention it, maybe I was dreaming, but at some point in the night, I woke up, and I swear I could see that devil woman's Silvira Savica's face glowing red in the candlelight. She looked at me for an instinct, and then suddenly she was gone.
Kostadis Roussos: Must have been around 2 or 3 in the morning, but I… I don't know.
Gabe: Huh.
Kostadis Roussos: Then she pauses and says, Look!
Kostadis Roussos: I… Sylvira and Janusi were… how shall I put this? A rather explosive relationship?
Kostadis Roussos: They, they, they… They would hook up… And then break up…
Kostadis Roussos: The breakups were explosives, and the hookups were explosive.
Daz: Back and forth, back and forth.
Kostadis Roussos: It was… it was… I just watched it… it was…
Kostadis Roussos: And then she pauses. But what was really odd was not that Sylvira was there in the middle of the night, I mean, I've seen her in the middle of the night before, but that she was carrying a lantern. She's a tiefling, and she has darkvision.
Daz: Hmm.
Gabe: You saw her going up or down?
Kostadis Roussos: She was gone, she was going down.
Gabe: boomed down.
Kostadis Roussos: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So there's still the cat, but,
Kostadis Roussos: You guys want to talk to the cat, but you'd need a spell for that.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, is, is there, anywhere I could, purchase a scroll or a…
Ben Pfaff: I don't know, a potion or a wand or something that was…
Kostadis Roussos: Potion of, animal speaking.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Certainly, you can, you can certainly.
Joe Beda: on my, my, you know, spiritual ancestor, Malfire?
Kostadis Roussos: No, we cannot.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: He's too busy, he's too busy. Canonically speaking, all 15 plus adventurers are currently a part of the str… Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: I need to tell you this, guys.
Kostadis Roussos: I just need to share this with you.
Kostadis Roussos: So, everybody's got their thing that drives them nuts about Dungeons & Dragons that doesn't work in the real world.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? We all have…
Joe Beda: And that this is not reality.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no.
Joe Beda: I'm shocked.
Joe Beda: Stop!
Kostadis Roussos: Hey, no, no, no. But there's always some part of the game that, for whatever reason, hurts your sense of, like, fiction, right? Like, and you have to blindly ignore it.
Kostadis Roussos: And for many people, there's lots of things that, like, some people, why is it there's science? Other people this, other people that. But for me, it was the lack of inflation.
Ben Pfaff: Well, inflation is actually fairly modern.
Ben Pfaff: happened nearly.
Daz: They didn't depart from the gold standard.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I… so, I kid you not, I wrote a… with the help of Claude, a paper on… that you can find in Candlekeep about why there is no inflation.
Kostadis Roussos: That is consistent and well-rounded.
Gabe: that we can find. So there's products that…
Joe Beda: saying magic and weird races and all that, that I can accept.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, but lack of…
Joe Beda: No inflation? That's a bridge too far.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: I just want you to know, like, it's because when I was in college.
Kostadis Roussos: Before I decided to go into CS, I was really into economics and economic modeling, and so I read, Milton Friedman's Monetary History of the United States.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Most people who've read anything of Friedman's have not read that book.
Kostadis Roussos: Most people don't read that book. It's like 500 pages of, like, turgid prose detailing every shift in the monetary supply of the United States through 300 years.
Kostadis Roussos: But I read it in detail.
Kostadis Roussos: And so, for me, inflation is not an unpredictable thing. It makes a lot of sense, and it bothered me. So, I just want you to know that I now feel complete, that I've now been able to explain inflation in the context of the Forgotten Realms.
Joe Beda: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So there… and if you… I have a paper for them.
Daz: There you go.
Joe Beda: I went to college with Milton Freeman's grandson.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Joe Beda: to one of these, like, super-libertarian Seastetter-type assholes.
Kostadis Roussos: Mmm. Awesome.
Joe Beda: I went to college, it was one of my friends, with, Paul Dirac's grandson. Really nice guy.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, okay, so you've, you've now, you've now investigated the room.
Joe Beda: Cristonis is like, anyway.
Kostadis Roussos: I know.
Joe Beda: Go ahead, go ahead, so we better…
Kostadis Roussos: So you've just spoken to, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so now bookworth, so now, Fendris goes, well, the gentleman.
Kostadis Roussos: We, as you know, we need to go talk to the bookworm. She wanted us to give us a report.
Gabe: Not yet. We need to talk to the cat first.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, do you… she goes, do you have a way to talk to the cat?
Gabe: You do.
Ben Pfaff: Get us a phone.
Daz: I think I can talk to the cat.
Gabe: Oh, can you?
Ben Pfaff: Oh!
Kostadis Roussos: Speak with animals?
Daz: I feel like I… speak with animals, yeah.
Daz: It's part of, what I get with this stone speaker crystal.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh! Well, then you can speak with the animal.
Gabe: Pervert.
Daz: Yeah, here, I'll show you guys.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, I believe it was, like, okay, this was… this was unexpected. Good that, good that I had prepared for that.
Ben Pfaff: Well, that saves me money on potions.
Kostadis Roussos: He's like, speak with cats? I can speak with cats.
Kostadis Roussos: No,
Daz: I can talk with… I can talk with an animal for 10 minutes. Okay.
Daz: Two charges, I think, per long rest of the.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Okay, the cat introduces herself as Queenie.
Daz: Queen.
Kostadis Roussos: Queenie.
Daz: Queenie.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Daz: Meaning.
Ben Pfaff: a cat name.
Kostadis Roussos: She's a 5-year-old female cat with sleet goose hair, right?
Kostadis Roussos: And then she goes, and then she stretches and says, I did not order any more ticklers! Any good ticklers are the only good… and good ticklers are… tickles are only the good reason for disturbing my beauty sleep.
Daz: I'll give him a little… I'll give Queenie a little tickle.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, she, she finds that funny.
Gabe: Is it Princess or whatever?
Joe Beda: Yeah, Princess, Donut.
Gabe: Donuts.
Daz: Summit, yeah, there we go.
Kostadis Roussos: She goes, Queenie… Queenie starts talking. She goes, oh, there was… there were… so you…
Kostadis Roussos: She, she starts, she, she then,
Kostadis Roussos: The problem is she doesn't think in human terms. She thinks in terms of night, and day, and periods of cycles, and so on and so forth, so, you're gonna have to wear… roll some intelligence… I'm gonna give you the information, but it'll sound a little funny. Alright? Okay.
Daz: role in investigation or something?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Ben Pfaff: Well, if he speaks Cat, presumably he understands the…
Daz: Yeah, the 26th.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you're able to sort through her metaphors, right? You know, you're able to, you know, do the math, the calculations, the timing, and whatnot.
Kostadis Roussos: And what you learn is that, well, I walked into the two-legged
Kostadis Roussos: two-legged Genusi' chamber, and to get my second nap, and I settled in his armchair, only to be rudely awakened some 30 minutes later by our Silvira Savikas, this is in the morning, blasting the armchamber with a magic missile!
Joe Beda: Okay, I wanted to dig into the Magic Missile. What was going on with the Magic Missile?
Kostadis Roussos: Silvira Savikas, the tiefling.
Gabe: The demon lady.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, when I woke up from my afternoon nap, so around 8pm, after dead winter supper, so, for my first nap of the new cycle, when I saw Feminaire, the short-legged one, arrived, and then, later, Daral, the stinky breath one.
Joe Beda: Wait, what was the deal with the Magic Missile? I'm sorry, I missed that.
Kostadis Roussos: So, Silvira was the one who cast the magic missile on the couch.
Joe Beda: Do we know why?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, you do know that she and Janusi have had an on-and-off and on and off and on-and-off-again relationship.
Joe Beda: Okay, so this could have been levels, lowers, quarrel type of thing.
Kostadis Roussos: Could have been anything.
Daz: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: The one thing you do know is that she… so, there was too much shouting by Droll for me to sit around, so I retreated into the corridor when I later saw him run downstairs with a hypnotic block.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, roll an insight check.
Gabe: of us?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I'm presuming he's going to try…
Daz: 18.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. You immediately… you get the insight to ask her about that hypnotic block.
Daz: What about this hypnotic block?
Kostadis Roussos: Right, and she goes, Every time they open that block, they just sit there and don't tickle!
Gabe: Oh, it's a TV!
Kostadis Roussos: Look!
Kostadis Roussos: So, drawl left with a book. That's what you… That's the clue you just Right.
Joe Beda: But the victim was still alive when Darrell left.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: So, I spent some more time in Miss Hollypock's apartment, and I went out on a store case, and then I went out for a second prowl of the nighttime cycle. I saw the torn demon lady coming down the steps.
Kostadis Roussos: But she didn't smell like the demon lady, though.
Joe Beda: Oh, so we've got, like, a shapeshifter situation going on here.
Daz: Hmm…
Gabe: That explains the candle.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: So… You now have everything that you can get out of this, this area.
Kostadis Roussos: So you wanted to go to, the bookworm? Or… Fembris wants to drag you to the bookworm.
Ben Pfaff: Let me go over that one more time. So, somebody came up as one person and then left in the shape of another?
Kostadis Roussos: She didn't know whether that person came up as somebody, but they left as somebody who was not… who did not smell like the demon lady.
Kostadis Roussos: So, somebody went in there.
Kostadis Roussos: Something with broker… so the other thing you haven't asked about Holly Pocket is what was on the neck, what was on around, the guy's neck.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? The chain that was missing, that was the one clue you haven't asked.
Joe Beda: So the book was missing, we've accounted for that.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Joe Beda: The jewel in the pouch, missing, we have not accounted for.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, and then you don't know what was on the neck, you just know that something was stolen from his neck.
Joe Beda: How do we know that again?
Kostadis Roussos: Because you found a broken chain links.
Joe Beda: There's some sort of piece of jewelry around the victim's neck, we don't know the details or the why and the where and the who.
Ben Pfaff: We should have asked the housekeeper about that.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Ben Pfaff: The… well, let… Daz, why don't you ask the cat anyway? It's gonna be a weird description from a cat, but…
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Kostadis Roussos: So, she goes, well, The locket…
Kostadis Roussos: Itself is intimate. He carried it, he carried it all, all the time. He never took it off.
Daz: What was it?
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know what it was.
Kostadis Roussos: But Fembris, sets… By golly!
Kostadis Roussos: Well, you know, the one thing that Janusi… Janusi held one of the two keys of the, of the Hightower Library.
Gabe: Do we know what that is?
Daz: So could that be the key to the library that was around there?
Daz: Did somebody… that might explain why that stuff got deleted off the library, or off that book that no one should have touched.
Daz: Someone snuck in.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, well, you never know, but… so what you know is that Genius held one of the two keys.
Ben Pfaff: And we didn't find the key, right?
Kostadis Roussos: No, what you did find was a missing locket, and an open safe with something missing.
Ben Pfaff: Got it. Okay.
Ben Pfaff: Was, was the key… Was the size of the key such that it could fit into the locket?
Kostadis Roussos: She doesn't know.
Ben Pfaff: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: What you do know, though, is…
Kostadis Roussos: that the other key is heralded by the gate warden, Callan.
Kostadis Roussos: The guy who's pulled off the job?
Gabe: Right.
Ben Pfaff: 23…
Gabe: We could have snatched it, but…
Ben Pfaff: Do the keys need to be used together, or can…
Kostadis Roussos: No, she doesn't know. Okay.
Joe Beda: Like, launch the nukes type of situation here?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, possibly.
Joe Beda: What was the movie? It was, it's war games, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gabe: Death.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: We can…
Kostadis Roussos: So you now know that there was a locket that he held always on his person. He was the keeper of the keys, keeper of the secrets. Essentially, he kept one of the two keys.
Gabe: And the cat didn't notice the demon lady carrying anything?
Kostadis Roussos: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: She just saw her smell funny.
Joe Beda: Now, was that the same… there was the talk of the person… the person running the hooded…
Joe Beda: Avowed. Could that… is that the same person that we're talking about?
Kostadis Roussos: You don't know.
Daz: Hmm.
Ben Pfaff: So.
Joe Beda: Well, can we ask, was there a hood involved when, Ask the Cat?
Kostadis Roussos: She, she, no, she didn't know. There was, she didn't notice.
Joe Beda: Okay.
Ben Pfaff: So…
Kostadis Roussos: And then, about… so…
Joe Beda: How convenient that it's a cat, and you can just sort of say, I don't know, cats don't notice that shit.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you know how hard it is to pull together a murder mystery for a 5th edition adventure series?
Kostadis Roussos: this level.
Kostadis Roussos: That they can't break without, like, well, let me just use this spell.
Ben Pfaff: So it, it kind of sounds like the, the on-again, off-again relationship, person went, went up,
Ben Pfaff: Killed… killed them, transformed… stole some stuff, transformed into, to… to disguise themselves and… and, and stall off.
Ben Pfaff: Yep.
Gabe: Possible. When the demon lady who smelled wrong went by, did she smell of organs? A heart? Blood? Like…
Kostadis Roussos: Queenie says, There have been too little… Tickles and too many questions.
Gabe: I mean, Dad.
Daz: I'll tickle, I'll tickle, I'm tickling some more while.
Kostadis Roussos: She pauses and purrs, and says.
Kostadis Roussos: How would I know? I try to hold my breath whenever a two-legger passes. It's clear that you hardly ever lick yourselves at all. I've met cleaner dogs in my time.
Daz: Okay…
Gabe: Granted.
Joe Beda: Another Dodge.
Kostadis Roussos: She pauses, she pauses and says, over here…
Daz: More tickles, more padding.
Kostadis Roussos: Then she goes, she pauses and goes, You may now leave, and please give yourself a proper licking before returning to my tower.
Kostadis Roussos: And she walks off.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: We are almost out of time.
Joe Beda: I mean, I'm having fun with this Castatis. I don't know who the killer is, but we're… I feel like we're narrowing in. It's only gonna take us another 3 seconds.
Daz: to get this…
Joe Beda: thing nailed.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, the next phase of the investigation is the interviews.
Joe Beda: Okay.
Joe Beda: I do find the document very helpful. Thank you for putting that together.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, yeah, I know, yeah, I, I, I…
Daz: The document's going to be essential for us figuring this out, given that we go a week between, or.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, dude, dude, yeah, yeah, no, yes, I was like, could you please… this was, this was a very carefully, you know, I need to create this, because we're all gonna…
Joe Beda: It still feels like the, like, the clue, like, check off, sort of all the things.
Joe Beda: I love it.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Ben Pfaff: Sounds like we need to go, interview the on-again, off-again, girlfriend? Boyfriend?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, there's a bunch of things… there's a bunch of things you need to go investigate. Alright, guys.
Joe Beda: Thank you so much, man.
Kostadis Roussos: Thank you, this was fun.
Joe Beda: Have a good week, everybody.
Kostadis Roussos: And tickles, tickles, tickles, says the…
Kostadis Roussos: I'm sorry, that was just like… Figure.
Daz: There you go, bye.